---
title: Returning Singaporeans & International Students
permalink: /admissions/returning-singaporeans-international-students/
description: ""
variant: tiptap
---
<p><strong>Returning Singaporeans Seeking Admission to JC1 in Jan 2024<br></strong>Thank you for your interest in joining St Andrew's Junior College.</p><p>All Returning Singaporean (RS) children who wish to be considered for admission to St Andrew's Junior College are required to participate in the School Placement Exercise for Returning Singaporeans - Junior College or Millennia Institute (SPERS-JC/MI) jointly conducted by the Ministry of Education and the Principal’s Academy.</p><p>Based on the SPERS-JC/MI results, MOE would provide each applicant with a list of eligible schools. Applicants may choose to apply for SAJC if he or she is eligible for SAJC.</p><p>Please contact us at <a href="mailto:sajc@moe.edu.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="">sajc@moe.edu.sg</a> for further information on the application procedure.</p><p><strong>International Students Seeking Admission to JC1 in Jan 2024<br></strong>Thank you for your interest in joining St Andrew's Junior College.</p><p>We are unable to consider any application for admission of international students for 2024 JC1 admission until <strong>AFTER&nbsp;</strong>the placement of both local students and overseas scholars who will be posted by the Ministry of Education at end January 2024 after the release of the GCE O level results and subsequent Joint Admission Exercise.</p><p>The College will only consider such admissions provided<br>(i) there are still available vacancies to be filled after the results of the Joint Admission Exercise<br><strong>and<br></strong>(ii) the student has an excellent or at least better than equivalent academic requirement to the Singapore GCE 'O' level Cambridge requirement for entry into SAJC.</p><p>Applicants are to submit their application via <a href="mailto:sajc@moe.edu.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="">sajc@moe.edu.sg</a>&nbsp;by mid-January 2024, and they will be contacted only if shortlisted.</p>